Mz/glwe ms compression (#1202)
zama-ai/tfhe-rs: tfhe/docs/fundamentals/compress.md

Author: Hey @yuxizama, here's a doc change
Could you please have a look at it?

}
```

> ## Ciphertexts compressed while encrypted

Reviewer: Ciphertext == encrypted, so rather "Ciphertexts compressed after computations" for example

Author: Done

> Ciphertexts can also be compressed while encrypted.

Reviewer: wording a Ciphertext is encrypted

Author: Done

> They can be encrypted after any number of homomorphic operations.

Reviewer: can be compressed

Author: Done

The API uses a list which can compress many ciphertexts of different types.

> Using a single list allows a better compression ratio.

Reviewer: A list to compress many ciphertexts of different types is provided.
Using a single list to compress several ciphertexts allows to achieve a better compression ratio.

?

Author: Done

Using multiple lists (for example to compress ciphertexts at different times) is also possible but will use more space.

This example shows how to compress and decompress a list containing 4 messages (one 32 bits integer, one 64 bits integer, one boolean and one 2 bits integer):

```rust
use crate::prelude::*;
use crate::shortint::parameters::glwe_compression::COMP_PARAMS_FOR_MESSAGE_2_CARRY_2_KS_PBS;

> use crate::{

Reviewer: crate -> tfhe, the doctests are failing on that I believe

Author: Done

    set_server_key, CompressedCiphertextList, CompressedCiphertextListBuilder, FheBool,
    FheInt64, FheUint16, FheUint2, FheUint32,
};

fn main() {
    let config = crate::ConfigBuilder::default()
        .enable_compression(COMP_PARAMS_FOR_MESSAGE_2_CARRY_2_KS_PBS)
        .build();

    let ck = crate::ClientKey::generate(config);

>     let sk = crate::ServerKey::new(&ck);

Reviewer: crate -> tfhe

Author: Done

    set_server_key(sk);

    let ct1 = FheUint32::encrypt(17_u32, &ck);

    let ct2 = FheInt64::encrypt(-1i64, &ck);

    let ct3 = FheBool::encrypt(false, &ck);

    let ct4 = FheUint2::encrypt(3u8, &ck);

    let compressed_list = CompressedCiphertextListBuilder::new()
        .push(ct1)
        .push(ct2)
        .push(ct3)
        .push(ct4)
        .build()
        .unwrap();

    let serialized = bincode::serialize(&compressed_list).unwrap();

    let compressed_list: CompressedCiphertextList = bincode::deserialize(&serialized).unwrap();

> 

Reviewer: here maybe print the list length if it's available

Author: done

>     {

Reviewer: remove the additional { level

Author: Done

        let a: FheUint32 = compressed_list.get(0).unwrap().unwrap();
        let b: FheInt64 = compressed_list.get(1).unwrap().unwrap();
        let c: FheBool = compressed_list.get(2).unwrap().unwrap();
        let d: FheUint2 = compressed_list.get(3).unwrap().unwrap();

        let a: u32 = a.decrypt(&ck);
        assert_eq!(a, 17);
        let b: i64 = b.decrypt(&ck);
        assert_eq!(b, -1);
        let c = c.decrypt(&ck);
        assert!(!c);
        let d: u8 = d.decrypt(&ck);
        assert_eq!(d, 3);

>         assert!(compressed_list.get::<FheBool>(4).unwrap().is_none());

Reviewer: remove

    }

    {
        // Incorrect type
        assert!(compressed_list.get::<FheInt64>(0).is_err());

        // Correct type but wrong number of bits
        assert!(compressed_list.get::<FheUint16>(0).is_err());

>     }

Reviewer: this can be removed

}
```

## Ciphertexts compressed after computation

> Ciphertexts can also be compressed at any time.
> They can be compressed after any number of homomorphic operations.
> 
> A list to compress many ciphertexts of different types is provided.
> Using a single list to compress several ciphertexts allows to achieve a better compression ratio.
> 
> Using multiple lists (for example to compress ciphertexts at different times) is also possible but will use more space.
> 
> This example shows how to compress and decompress a list containing 4 messages (one 32 bits integer, one 64 bits integer, one boolean and one 2 bits integer):
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can compress ciphertexts at any time, even after performing multiple homomorphic operations.

To compress many ciphertexts of different types, use a list:

**Single list**: Compressing several ciphertexts with a single list achieves a better compression ratio.
**Multiple lists**: While you use multiple lists (for example, to compress ciphertexts at different times), this approach takes more space.

The following example shows how to compress and decompress a list containing 4 messages: one 32-bits integer, one 64-bit integer, one boolean, and one 2-bit integer.

```
